you probably already know what a
speculative bubble is right that's when
that's when the prices of things move
away from their fundamental value and
become worth what other people are
willing to pay for them that's when the
speculators move in start buying
everything up in the hopes that they'll
find a bigger sucker to pay more than
what they paid speculative bubbles can
happen with anything it can be a product
it can be a company they can be every
company in an industry it can be the
entire market speculative bubbles are
everywhere if you look for them well and
here's one right now what kind is this
can you tell does everyone know what
this is and I mean everyone even
elevator operators okay let me show you
what happens when some bad news hits 10
the bubble popped because the stock
market has crazy liquidity if you want
to sell sell boom done you're out once
some bad news hits one of these
speculative bubbles market sentiment
changes big time all of a sudden no one
wants it because they're afraid there's
not going to be another buyer out there
for them see once people stop buying
into this somebody will always pay more
mentality then all of a sudden hey
what's this oh look at here we got a
housing bubble and what's this a drywall
screw the Fed raised interest rates
what's with all the new McMansions
everywhere all of a sudden who can
afford those I hear the Fed raised
interest rates again what the this thing
doesn't want to pop housing bubbles
don't pop like that there's no liquidity
it's a pain in the ass to sell your
house selling Real Estate's a hassle you
have to find a realtor deal with
escrow and appraisers and title and
termite hassles and wait till you find a
buyer that's when the real hassle starks
paperwork Gloor phone calls ringing off
the hook it's like a full-time job
trying to unload a house since there's
no liquidity in real estate this is what
a housing bubble looks like when it
deflates the Fed raised interest rates
adjustable rate mortgages resetting
people have to sell because they can't
afford huh I can't refinance but hi I'm
good credit I hold it what do you mean
prices have gone down interest rates
have gone up holy cow I got it don't
even if I double my income i can't
afford this house mainstream news
catches on Joe public starts to notice
what are we left with
you